(DOCSP-19614): Java and Kotlin SDK cleanup (#1999)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/kotlin/app-services/overview.txt

The Realm App Client
--------------------

> To connect to your Realm backend, start with an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect to your Atlas App Services backend, start with an
```
